Fix TestPlaybook search in Validate command (#1648)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Fixed an issue where **validate** command didn't look for test playbooks properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **validate** command failed to recognized test playbooks for beta integrations as valid tests.
```
